fix several small problem (#854)
oam-dev/kubevela.io: docs/platform-engineers/addon/intro.md

        name: my-account
```

> **Please notice** The component name is set with file name which remove the file type suffix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Please notice** The **name** of component is the same with file name in the `resource/` folder with file type suffix trimed.
```
